Design justification:
I decided to have the Tic-Tac-Toe board be entirely displayed by a user interface. Originally I was considering just displaying everything to the terminal, but that seemed like it could get confusing with only typed characters to indicate the boxes. Plus I'd never done any user interface projects in Java, so I could learn something new.

Reflection:
My overall approach to tackling this project was to handle the action/key listeners first, then build the rest of the code around that once it was working. As a result, I learned a ton about how Java classes can be used to respond to a user. I learned that the Action Listener class is actually an interface (which is why I couldn't directly create an instance of it), and it's the same with Key Listener. After trying to figure out how to call actionPerformed from the rest of the code, I eventually realized it actually executes automatically as soon as the action (in this case, clicking a button) is detected, and I used that to my advantage by having that decide when a turn occurs. In addition, I learned about java swing and how it can be used with JFrame, JPanel, and JButton to display a Tic Tac Toe grid.

The disadvantage to implementing Tic Tac Toe in this way is that I don't have "states" of the board to compare with win states or to connect with other states through single moves, so I couldn't easily implement an unbeatable AI player like I wanted to. The minimax algorithm that the AI would need requires knowing these states, but they aren't currently stored the way I currently have it. I wish I stored the states to make this implementation easier, but unfortunately I didn't have time. With unlimited time, I definitely would've added that AI element (and I still hope to). Another thing I wish I fixed was the Player input prompt. Currently if a player does not put in any name, they're called "null", which I also intend to fix.

The most helpful piece of feedback was from my brother. He playtested the game and noticed that it was declaring that a player won early because the code originally detected a diagonal win even when the diagonal buttons weren't three in a row. This made me realize I needed two variables for the two ways to win diagonally, not just one.

If I could give my past self advice on this project, I'd tell her not to start before researching everything about Action Listener and planning out how everything should work. I spent way too much time writing and rewriting code instead of slowing down and figuring it out step by step.